alright here's my 1979 International
Harvester scout the as you can see it's
got clarion it's got the tweeters it's
got the clarion marine audio deck with
mp3 input right there it's got the
clarion audio speakers and be clarion
bazooka tube it has a has fully
functioning four wheel drive it's a full
automatic you just take it click it in
and it is set to go you can hear it gas
it up it's got a functioning clock
that's how you pop the hood the AC
actually works
the heat works the speedometer works
fuel gauge works alternator works oil
pressure works every all the gauges work
the turn signals work turn signals work
the windshield wipers and get this
windshield see how we do this
well take my word for it lens whoever's
work see her
oh there you go Wow look at that they
work they work got a fully bolted and
roll cage clip with the the oh
handles for you touch of people out
there it comes with the eight-point buck
and the Jack Daniels tag so we're going
to hop on out windows windows are all in
they work the windows get the window
seals on it and on the exterior